[Autogenerated] If you've never used Docker in development before,
I do want to be sure you've got your computer and visual studio set up properly.
First,
it's critical that you have docker installed on your
development machine the normal path for developers.
And what I use is just to install the Docker desktop application.
There are versions for Windows, Mac OS and Lennox,
and it's free, and it also includes a you I called the Doctor Dashboard.
There are a few things to be aware of If you've never used this before.
First, don't be afraid,
Doctor can seem daunting to someone who's never used it before.
I was in this boat for years, but once I had my ah ha moment,
I became a quick fan and I even became a doctor captain.
And we won't be doing anything too complicated here.
So I have great faith in you, so come on along for the ride.
Next on Windows, you'll need hyper V running.
I personally have also use virtual box on my computer sometimes,
and I have to disable hyper V and reboot for that.
Then, when I'm done,
re enable hyper V and reboot again so I can get back to working with Docker.
All of this because software that runs virtual
machines hand run alongside of hyper V.
The last bit of advice is to understand that doctor can run
Lennox containers or Windows containers.
Windows containers are mostly for hosting your old Windows
applications and are much more cumbersome.
The Doctor desktop app Can Onley support one type of container at a time,
and we do want Lennox, which is the default.
There is a simple setting on doctors Notification Window menu to switch
back and forth between Windows and Lennox containers.
If you need to do that.
So for our purposes,
please do be sure that it's set up to support Lennox Containers.
With all of that in place, let's turn our attention to visual studio.
There's a visual studio component called the Container
Development Pools that you do need install if you're building asp
dot net core applications in visual studio.
You probably already have that installed because it's part of the A s p dot net
and Web development workload in the visual studio installer.
And if you're using visual studio code,
there's a wonderful doctor extension created by Microsoft that you can use a swell